MySQL backup contrib article (#53)
elastio/contrib: elastio-fargate-mysql-backup/README.md

# AWS RDS MySQL backup by Elastio and AWS Fargate

## Create AIM Role for Elastio Backup

1. Go to [AWS IAM Roles](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home#/roles)
2. Press Create Role button
3. Select Elastic Container Service Task under Elastic Container Service for AWS service trusted entity and press Next
![image](https://github.com/elastio/contrib/assets/81738703/0a7050a0-895b-4227-a609-40bb9c6acb24)
4. Select `ElastioBackupAdmin` permission and press Next

> 5. Type ElastioMySQLBackupRole as a role name and press Create role

Reviewer: Again, please use `fixed width` fonts every place you specify a role name, variable name, CLI command, etc

```suggestion
5. Type `ElastioMySQLBackupRole` as a role name and press Create role
```

## Create ECS Task Definition

1. Go to [AWS Elastic Container Service Task definitions](https://console.aws.amazon.com/ecs/v2/task-definitions)
2. Press Create new task definition
3. Type ElastioMySQLBackup as a task definition family name
4. Select ElastioMySQLBackupRole as Task role
5. Type Elastio-CLI as container name
6. Paste `public.ecr.aws/elastio-dev/elastio-cli:latest` in container image URI
7. Expand Docker configuration and paste `sh,-c` in Entry point and following comman in Command:
```
apt-get install default-mysql-client -y && mysqldump -h HOST -u USER -P PORT -p'PASSWORD' DATABASE | elastio stream backup --stream-name MySQL-Elastio-backup
```
For example:
```

> apt-get install default-mysql-client -y && \

Reviewer: It's not a good idea to hard-code the password like this.  We should be instructing customers in the use of best practices.

The password should be stored in an SSM secret.  The Fargate task config should set an env var from that secret.  And the command line should pass the env var.

Author: Added secrets manager.

  mysqldump -h database-1.cobsthon7f1g.us-east-1.rds.amazonaws.com -u admin -P 3306 -p'MySQLPassword' DemoDB | \

>   elastio stream backup --stream-name MySQL-Daily-Backup

Reviewer: When you follow these instructions, what asset does the backup appear under?  I'm afraid it will be some random generic host based on the Fargate container's hostname.  Instead I think you should manuallly set it to the RDS instance's host name.

Author: Added --hostname-override option.

```
![image](https://github.com/elastio/contrib/assets/81738703/2ee7ebd2-b060-448e-a53d-f0082d5929ae)

8. Press Create

> ## Run S3 backup by Elastio and AWS Fargate

Reviewer: Looks like a bit of copy-pasta here and elsewhere.  S3 should be MySQL.  Also:

```suggestion
## Run on-demand MySQL backup with Elastio and AWS Fargate
```

1. Go to [AWS Elastic Container Service](https://console.aws.amazon.com/ecs/v2/)
2. Select an existing cluster or create new one
3. Go to cluster tasks and press Run new task
4. Select Launch type and select ElastioMySQLBackup for Task definition Family
5. Press Create

> ## Schedule S3 backup by Elastio and AWS Fargate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Schedule automatic MySQL backup with Elastio and AWS Fargate
```

3. Select Elastic Container Service Task under Elastic Container Service for AWS service trusted entity and press Next
![image](https://github.com/elastio/contrib/assets/81738703/0a7050a0-895b-4227-a609-40bb9c6acb24)
4. Select `ElastioBackupAdmin` permission and press Next
5. Type `ElastioMySQLBackupRole` as a role name and press Create role
6. Open `ElastioMySQLBackupRole` and select Create inline policy under Add permissions
7. Select Secrets Manager and add `GetSecretValue` permission

## Create secret in AWS Secrets Manager
1. Go to [AWS Secrets Manager](https://console.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/listsecrets)

> 2. Press Store a new secrete button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Press Store a new secret button
```
